Subversion
Study Guide

1

Git vs Svn

What are the differences between git and svn?
The difference between SVN and Git is that Git is a distributed version control system that allows you to keep a real copy of the repository on your individual computer that you push to the main repository online. In SVN you only have a shallow copy of the file you are currently working on. Git also allows you to modify previous commits.

2

Commiting to svn

How are commits handled in svn?
No need to "add" like in Git. With the "commit" command and your repository set up on a server(with a link to the URL supplied), SVN will push your new version to the repository.

3

Checking out svn
nee
checkouts create a local working copy of a remote repository on your computer. This is done with the "co" command, the structure is 'svn checkout "­/pa­th/­to/­rep­osi­tor­y" ' - this will place the copy in your current directory.

4

Bring me my .svn!

How do you create the local working environment with svn (the .svn directory)?
checkouts create a local working copy of a remote repository on your computer.

5

Adding to the chaos

How do you add files to the repository?
If its the initial import to an empty repository then the "import" command can be used i.e. -  svn import . https://github.com/drewski13/SVN -m "Initial import" - or the "add" command can be used 

6

It’s like a tree

How are branches handled in svn?
branches are created by copying the "trunk" file tree and placing it in a "branch" which still sits in the main project folder next to your trunk. SVN doesnt necessarily think of this as a branch but just a separate directory.

1

7

or maybe a forest

How many branches can you have at any given time? 
as many as you deem necessary(or have memory for), in the end you are just copying the trunk directory and naming it a branch.

8

Working copy

What does your local copy of a repository look like with svn?
your local copy looks like a file tree that is a copy of some subtree of the complete repository

9

Status

How do you check the status of the files you are presently working on?
to check the status of your files you are working on the "svn status" command is used.

10

Life of a branch

How long are branches in svn supposed to exist?
branches should exist until you merge all your changes into the main trunk.

11

Taping it together

How do you merge branches?
once done with your branch you can use the "svn merge" command to merge it into the trunk. while in the branch directory simply write "svn merge URL" 

12

We see a need!

Why was svn created?

13

A day in the life of svn

What is a typical svn workflow?

14

What were they thinking?!

What was the design criteria for svn?

2

15

Time machine

How do we view the past of a project with svn?

16

Great Scott!

If there was a mistake made in the past of a project, how should we go about
correcting that mistake in svn?

17

The initial upload

If you have an existing project and want to start tracking it with svn, how
do you copy your existing files to the repository the first time? Does this
create the .svn directory in your local folder?

18

Local SVN

Can the client/server setup required with svn exist on the same computer?

19

For the admins

Did SVN provide any difference in tools between how you do server side
commands and client side commands?

3


